python app.py
npm run dev


I am a Computer Science graduate from DHA Suffa University with experience in Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, NLP, and
Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) applications. I have hands-on expertise in developing advanced models, including a characterlevel transformer for text generation and an NLP-based sentiment analysis tool achieving 92% accuracy. I have completed the Machine
Learning Specialization by Stanford Online and DeepLearning.AI , strengthening my technical foundation.
In addition to AI and NLP, I have experience in mobile development using Flutter and Dart, creating visually appealing and
functional cross-platform applications. As a C++ developer, I contributed to a national-level project at SUPARCO, where I optimized
parallel computing algorithms to significantly reduce runtime. Proficient in Python, C++, Flutter, and Rust, I excel in analytical
problem-solving and delivering impactful, real-world solutions.
SKILLS AI/ML, RAG ,NLP, ML Algorithms
Frameworks, Flutter,Pytorch, Streamlit
Programing language ,Python,C ++,Dart
EXPERIENCE
LusionTech, AI Business Development Manager
AI Sales Management, Projects, and Communication with International Clients
2025/01 – present
Karachi, Pakistan
•Engaged with international clients through strategic meetings and personalized consultations to
deliver AI Solutions aligned with their unique business needs.
•Managed and oversaw all client-assigned AI projects, ensuring timely execution and high-quality
outcomes.
SUPARCO, AI Engineer
Contract-based job
2025/04 – present
Karachi, Pakistan
•Developing an AI-based data fusion system that integrates optical and SAR imagery transmitted from
an airborne observatory to the ground.
Research Based Project
•Physically Based Phase Function in Volume Rendering
2023/03 – present
•Objective: Enhance volumetric rendering quality.
•Focus: Propose our phase function, which is more physically accurate, showcasing applicability in
various use cases, including medical CT scans, MRIs, and animations.
SUPARCO, C++ developer
•SAR(Synthetic aperture radar) Image formation
2024/01 – 2024/05
karachi, Pakistan
•Develop, convert, optimize algorithms and optimize the code to run parallel on the CPU